Cleanup: StorageMapping (#380)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/creating-storage-mapping.adoc

[id="creating-storage-mapping_{context}"]
= Creating a storage mapping

> You can create a storage mapping by using the {ocp} web console to map source storage domains to {virt} storage classes.

Reviewer: `storage domains` is specific to ovirt/rhv, this may confused users that migrate from vsphere
maybe it would be better to use something more general here, like `disk storage`

.Prerequisites

* Source and target providers added to the {ocp} web console.
* Local and shared persistent storage that support VM migration.

.Procedure

. In the {ocp} web console, click *Migration* -> *StorageMaps for virtualization*.
. Click *Create StorageMap*.
. Complete the following fields:

* *Name*: Enter a name to display in the storage mappings list.
* *Source provider*: Select a source provider.
* *Target provider*: Select a target provider.

> +

Author: Please answer the question below.

Author: @ahadas @qiyuann The reason I ask is because when i tried working with this screen I wasn't asked for the information that follows

Reviewer: I see in the screenshot below that we do ask, e.g., for source storage domains for RHV - is that what you mean? we're missing OpenStack here btw. And @yaacov why is it just "source" for OpenStack?
![storage-map](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6020068/233279423-158969f0-7c13-4ae6-b1f3-28e0b8d556ad.png)

Author: @ahadas I see what happened -- the names of the lists related to source and target vary with the source provider. From the directions, i was expecting another list to open as well.

Reviewer 2: > And @yaacov why is it just "source" for OpenStack?

looks like a bug ...
https://github.com/kubev2v/forklift-console-plugin/blob/01c39da38dea8c748b28da5e9d4bb49fbb5b8685/packages/legacy/src/common/helpers.ts#L206

Issue: https://github.com/kubev2v/forklift-console-plugin/issues/404

Reviewer: I think.. but @bennyz and @mmartinv may be able to recall what was the bottom line when we talked about it few weeks ago better than me :)

Author: @yaacov I think   `if (sourceProviderType === 'ovirt') return `sorage domains`;`  has a typo. Should be `storage domains`, right?

Reviewer 2: @RichardHoch thanks, I'll add the typo to the bug description

// Are the following two steps still relevant?
. If your source provider is VMware, select a *Source datastore* and a *Target storage class*.
. If your source provider is {rhv-full}, select a *Source storage domain* and a *Target storage class*.

> . Select a one of the *Source storage domains* and one of the *Target storage classes*.

Reviewer: I think there's some confusion about this part - this sentence is not needed since the user already selected datastore(s) or storage domain(s) above. also "Select **a one** of the..." needs to change if this remains

Author: @ahadas I see your points. Will fix.

[id="creating-storage-mapping_{context}"]
= Creating a storage mapping

You can create a storage mapping by using the {ocp} web console to map source disk storages to {virt} storage classes.

.Prerequisites

* Source and target providers added to the {ocp} web console.
* Local and shared persistent storage that support VM migration.

.Procedure

. In the {ocp} web console, click *Migration* -> *StorageMaps for virtualization*.
. Click *Create StorageMap*.
. Specify the following fields:

* *Name*: Enter a name to display in the storage mappings list.
* *Source provider*: Select a source provider.
* *Target provider*: Select a target provider.

> . Map source storage domains to target storage classes as follows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Map source disk storages to target storage classes as follows:
```

Author: @qiyuann  Good catch! Fixed.
